jared polin froknowsphoto.com it's time
for the raw edit of the week number 59 s
brought to you by Alan's camera dot-com
so yeah here it is number 59 raw edit
and it's a photo that I took almost two
years ago it took it in 2010 january
thirty first and it's a studio photo so
you guys haven't seen very much of my
studio work and i'm going to end up
using one of these photos at some point
as a deconstruction photo because i took
a picture of the lighting setup and you
can see how that's done in that future
video but i thought this would be an
interesting file to edit I know it looks
like she's got too much makeup on in a
shot like this which they always seem to
put on too much makeup and that's why
one of my recommendations when it comes
to photographing models is go easy on
the make up because it cakes on there
and it gets all reflective and it looks
all weird but there are ways to bring
this back so be interested to see how
you're going to edit this I think I have
an idea how atoms going to end up
editing editing this and I have an idea
how I want to edit this file but let's
see what you guys can do with it it's
always fun to work with studio portraits
especially taken with the d3s and I
believe this was a 70-200 2.8 let me see
something real quick if I click online I
want to see if this was with the new one
or the old one this was with i don't
think i had the new one yet i don't
think the vr to was out just yet so this
was probably taken with the vr one with
the nikon but this is a sharp sharp
image you can see how it is there it's
at f 6.3 and i got it you know it better
be sharp at this point so that's the
shot are you going black and white are
you going color are you going cartoon
are you going off the wall extreme what
are you going to do to it and i don't
mind some interesting ones taken into
photoshop like a few weeks ago we saw
the one of darth maul that was pretty
cool from Star Wars so it would be
interesting to see where you want to
take it I don't mind the creative looks
like I say each week go ahead and make a
normal edit and then have fun and make a
creative off the wall just trying
something
totally different and let's see what you
come up with so that is going to be the
raw edit of the week 59 as i am in vegas
at the time of this going on i will be
back with the your raw edits of the week
for the prior raw edit as well as that
ScreenFlow competition i have picked
five of the videos and we're going to
put it to a vote but i will make that
video as soon as I get back from Vegas
so in the meantime here you have number
59 to play with be sure to post it in
the forum you can put it in facebook you
can put it in the flickr photo gallery
you can put it in google you can even
now pinterest it to see what you guys do
in pinterest don't forget you can also
do a screen flow as a video response to
this video and i will post those on
froknowsphoto.com so that's a good way
to get your edits out there to have
people see them on the website so yeah
make sure you name it raw edit of the
week or froknowsphoto raw edit of the
week 59 and be sure to do the same with
your videos and if you would like to
send in your portrait files or any type
of raw file to edit you can do that too
froknowsphoto @ gmail.com make sure you
send your high res jpeg along with it
and that's it i am in vegas i'm sure i'm
having fun and we will see you guys for
the next week jared polin
froknowsphoto.com see ya